abstract and intro (#266)
quicwg/ack-frequency: draft-ietf-quic-ack-frequency.md

--- abstract

> This document specifies a QUIC extension for an endpoint to 

Author: ```suggestion
This document specifies a QUIC extension for an endpoint to
```

> This document specifies a QUIC extension for an endpoint to
> request its peer to change its behavior in sending or delaying of acknowledgments.

Reviewer: maybe 

```suggestion
This document specifies an extension to QUIC that permits an endpoint to
request that its peer change its behavior when sending or delaying of acknowledgments.
```

# Introduction

The QUIC transport protocol recommends to send an ACK frame

> after receiving at least two ack-eliciting packets; see  {{Section 13.2 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}. However, it leaves the determination

Author: ```suggestion
after receiving at least two ack-eliciting packets; see 
{{Section 13.2 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}. However, it leaves the determination
```

> The {{Section 13.2 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}} recommends to send an ACK frame
> after receiving at least two ack-eliciting packets but leaves the determination
> of how frequently to send acknowledgments in response to ack-eliciting packets

Reviewer: maybe 
```suggestion
The QUIC transport protocol recommends to send an ACK frame
after receiving at least two ack-eliciting packets; see  {{Section 13.2 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}. However, it leaves the determination
of how frequently to send acknowledgments in response to ack-eliciting packets
```

to the data receiver without any ability for the data sender to impact this

> behavior. This document specifies a QUIC extension for an endpoint to 

Author: ```suggestion
behavior. This document specifies a QUIC extension for an endpoint to
```

> request its peer to change its behavior in sending or delaying of acknowledgments.

Reviewer: if you like my suggestion for abstract, consider also updating this sentence for consistency.

> behavior. This document specifies a QUIC extension for an endpoint to
> request its peer to change its behavior in sending or delaying of acknowledgments.

Author: ```suggestion
behavior. This document specifies an extension to QUIC that permits an endpoint to
request that its peer changes its behavior when sending or delaying acknowledgments.
```

This document defines a new transport parameter to announce the support of this

> extension and specifies two new frame types to request changes the peer's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
extension and specifies two new frame types to request changes to the peer's
```

> extension and specifies two new frame types to request changes the peer's 

Author: ```suggestion
extension and specifies two new frame types to request changes the peer's
```
